clarified from part 1 to part 4 - After Benjamin's version (#125)
trilitech/tezos-developer-docs: src/pages/tutorials/build-an-nft-marketplace/part-3.md

        }
      ]
    };
    ```

5. Edit the `sell` function to replace `token_id` by `quantity`, add/override an offer for the user

    ```ligolang
    @entry
    const sell = ([quantity, price]: [nat, nat], s: storage): ret => {
      //check balance of seller

      const sellerBalance =
        FA2Impl.Sidecar.get_amount_for_owner(
          {
            ledger: s.ledger,
            metadata: s.metadata,
            operators: s.operators,
            token_metadata: s.token_metadata,
          }
        )(Tezos.get_source());
      if (quantity > sellerBalance) return failwith("2");
      //need to allow the contract itself to be an operator on behalf of the seller

      const newOperators =
        FA2Impl.Sidecar.add_operator(s.operators)(Tezos.get_source())(
          Tezos.get_self_address()
        );
      //DECISION CHOICE: if offer already exists, we just override it

      return [
        list([]) as list<operation>,
        {
          ...s,
          offers: Map.add(
            Tezos.get_source(),
            { quantity: quantity, price: price },
            s.offers
          ),
          operators: newOperators
        }
      ]
    };
    ```

> 6. Also edit the `buy` function to replace `token_id` by `quantity`, check quantities, check final price is enough and update the current offer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Edit the `buy` function to replace `token_id` with `quantity`, check quantities, verify  that the final price is enough, and update the current offer
```

            //check if amount have been paid enough

            if (Tezos.get_amount() < (offer.price * quantity) * (1 as mutez)) return failwith(
              "5"
            );
            // prepare transfer of XTZ to seller

            const op =
              Tezos.transaction(
                unit,
                (offer.price * quantity) * (1 as mutez),
                Tezos.get_contract_with_error(seller, "6")
              );
            //transfer tokens from seller to buyer

            let ledger =
              FA2Impl.Sidecar.decrease_token_amount_for_user(s.ledger)(seller)(
                quantity
              );
            ledger
            = FA2Impl.Sidecar.increase_token_amount_for_user(ledger)(
                Tezos.get_source()
              )(quantity);
            //update new offer

            const newOffer = { ...offer, quantity: abs(offer.quantity - quantity) };
            return [
              list([op]) as list<operation>,
              {
                ...s,
                offers: Map.update(seller, Some(newOffer), s.offers),
                ledger: ledger,
              }
            ]
          }
      }
    };
    ```

> 7. Edit the storage file `nft.storageList.jsligo` as it. 

Reviewer: What does "edit as it" mean?

  > Reminder: While editing, you can either modify the administrator address to reflect your own or retain the default alice address.

>     ```ligolang

Reviewer: Broken code block:
<img width="683" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-18 at 2 01 08 PM" src="https://github.com/trilitech/tezos-developer-docs/assets/6494785/e6b7cbd6-bbaa-46b7-baa0-e36fa0e24e5c">

          "interfaces":["TZIP-012"],
          "errors": [],
          "views": []
          }`
                    ]
                ]
            )
        ) as Contract.FA2Impl.TZIP16.metadata,
        token_metadata: Big_map.empty as Contract.FA2Impl.TZIP12.tokenMetadata,
        operators: Big_map.empty as Contract.FA2Impl.SingleAsset.operators,
    };
    ```

8. Compile again and deploy to ghostnet.

    ```bash
    TAQ_LIGO_IMAGE=ligolang/ligo:1.0.0 taq compile nft.jsligo
    taq deploy nft.tz -e "testing"
    ```

    ```logs
    ┌──────────┬──────────────────────────────────────┬───────┬──────────────────┬────────────────────────────────┐
    │ Contract │ Address                              │ Alias │ Balance In Mutez │ Destination                    │
    ├──────────┼──────────────────────────────────────┼───────┼──────────────────┼────────────────────────────────┤
    │ nft.tz   │ KT1EUWEeR9RHMb5q5jeW5jbhxBFHbLTqQgiZ │ nft   │ 0                │ https://ghostnet.ecadinfra.com │
    └──────────┴──────────────────────────────────────┴───────┴──────────────────┴────────────────────────────────┘
    ```

> **The smart contract! _(backend)_ is finished**

Reviewer: Fix grammar here.

## NFT Marketplace front

This section guides you step-by-step in setting up an intuitive frontend.

> ### Step 1: Initialize Typescript Classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Initialize typescript classes
```

yarn dev
```

> ### Step 2: Update in `App.tsx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Update `App.tsx`
```

    Fetch the `token_id == 0`.
    Replace the function `refreshUserContextOnPageReload` by

>     ```typescript

Reviewer: Codeblock is broken in the output.

        console.log("nftContractAddress", nftContractAddress);

        let nftContrat: NftWalletType = await Tezos.wallet.at<NftWalletType>(
          nftContractAddress
        );
        const storage = (await nftContrat.storage()) as Storage;

        try {
          let tokenMetadata: TZIP21TokenMetadata = (await c
            .tzip12()
            .getTokenMetadata(0)) as TZIP21TokenMetadata;
          nftContratTokenMetadataMap.set("0", tokenMetadata);

          setNftContratTokenMetadataMap(new Map(nftContratTokenMetadataMap)); //new Map to force refresh
        } catch (error) {
          console.log("error refreshing nftContratTokenMetadataMap: ");
        }

        setNftContrat(nftContrat);
        setStorage(storage);
      } catch (error) {
        console.log("error refreshing nft contract: ", error);
      }

      //USER
      const activeAccount = await wallet.client.getActiveAccount();
      if (activeAccount) {
        setUserAddress(activeAccount.address);
        const balance = await Tezos.tz.getBalance(activeAccount.address);
        setUserBalance(balance.toNumber());
      }

      console.log("refreshUserContext ended.");
    };
    ```

> ### Step 3: Update in `MintPage.tsx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Update `MintPage.tsx`
```

                variant="text"
                steps={Array.from(nftContratTokenMetadataMap!.entries()).length}
                position="static"
                activeStep={activeStep}
                nextButton={
                  <Button
                    size="small"
                    onClick={handleNext}
                    disabled={
                      activeStep ===
                      Array.from(nftContratTokenMetadataMap!.entries()).length - 1
                    }
                  >
                    Next
                    <KeyboardArrowRight />
                  </Button>
                }
                backButton={
                  <Button
                    size="small"
                    onClick={handleBack}
                    disabled={activeStep === 0}
                  >
                    <KeyboardArrowLeft />
                    Back
                  </Button>
                }
              />
            </Box>
          ) : (
            <Typography sx={{ py: "2em" }} variant="h4">
              Sorry, there is not NFT yet, you need to mint bottles first
            </Typography>
          )}
        </Paper>
      );
    }
    ```

> ### Step 4: Update in `OffersPage.tsx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Update `OffersPage.tsx`
```

> The quantity field is added and the `token_id` filed is removed. Replace the full file with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quantity field is added and the `token_id` field is removed. Replace the full file with the following content:
```

}
```

> ### Step 5: Update in `WineCataloguePage.tsx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 5: Update `WineCataloguePage.tsx`
```

> The quantity field is added and `token_id` filed is removed. Replace the full file with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quantity field is added and `token_id` field is removed. Replace the full file with the following content:
```
